This directory contains the following files:

- allheaders.h.gch which is a pre-compiled header file.
- libsclpshared.so which is a shared object file.
- sclp which is the reference implementstion
- test1.c is a simple test file.
- Makefile which contains the commands to build your implementation.
- Besides, the following header files are provided ONLY for telling you the
  class structure and the member functions whose implementation is provided
  in the library. YOU DO NOT NEED TO INCLUDE ANY OF THESE FILES IN YOUR IMPLEMENTATION.
  . storetokens.hh contains the declaration of the function which you can call to 
    store tokens and print them.
  . ast.hh
  . Makefile
  . procedure.hh
  . program.hh
  . symbol-table.hh

You need to write a scanner, a parser, and actions within the scanner and parser
to construct Abstract Syntax Trees for the input program. A high level description
of the classes can be found on the sclp web page https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/~uday/web-source/.
You need to create the top level object for program. 

You should work in the following steps:

1. Enhance your scanner from assignment A1 and get it working by using the -parse -tokens options.
2. Write the parser script without any actions and get it working by using the -parse option.
   This will not produce any output but if you grammar misses an construct, you will find errors on
   valid programs. The parsing may still not be right because your grammar may be too general and
   may accept invalid programs too.
3. Add actions to the parser script and get it working by using the -ast option. Your compiler is 
   complete and you should check the dumps of other options too.

For ease of working on small programs, you can use the -d option to produce the dump on the screen 
instead of having to open the dump files.

For the AST you need to create objects of the following classes:

	- Assignment_Ast, 
	- Name_Ast, 
	- Number_Ast, 
	- Arithmetic_Expr_Ast (and its derived classes)

You will need to submit ONLY the scanner.l, parser.y, and ast.cc files.


